			     Haskell 2010

		  ACM SIGPLAN Haskell Symposium 2010
		     Baltimore MD, United States
			 30th September, 2010

			   CALL FOR PAPERS

	    http://www.haskell.org/haskell-symposium/2010/

   The ACM SIGPLAN Haskell Symposium 2010 will be co-located with the
   2010 International Conference on Functional Programming (ICFP), in
   Baltimore, Maryland.

   The purpose of the Haskell Symposium is to discuss experiences with
   Haskell and future developments for the language. The scope of the
   symposium includes all aspects of the design, semantics, theory,
   application, implementation, and teaching of Haskell.

   Topics of interest include, but are not limited to:

     * Language Design, with a focus on possible extensions and
       modifications of Haskell as well as critical discussions of the
       status quo;

     * Theory, such as formal treatments of the semantics of the present
       language or future extensions, type systems, and foundations
       for program analysis and transformation;

     * Implementations, including program analysis and transformation,
       static and dynamic compilation for sequential, parallel, and
       distributed architectures, memory management as well as foreign
       function and component interfaces;

     * Tools, in the form of profilers, tracers, debuggers,
       pre-processors, and suchlike;

     * Functional Pearls, being elegant, instructive examples of using
       Haskell;

     * Applications, Practice, and Experience, using Haskell for
       scientific and symbolic computing, database, multimedia and Web
       applications, and so forth, as well as general experience with
       Haskell in education and industry.

   Papers in the latter two categories need not necessarily report
   original research results; they may instead, for example, report
   practical experience that will be useful to others, reusable
   programming idioms, or elegant new ways of approaching a
   problem. (More advice appears on the symposium webpage.)  
   The key criterion for such a paper is that it makes a
   contribution from which other Haskellers can benefit. It is not
   enough simply to describe a program!

   Before 2008, the Haskell Symposium was known as the Haskell
   Workshop.  The name change reflects both the steady increase of
   influence of the Haskell Workshop on the wider community, as well as
   the increasing number of high quality submissions. The selection
   process is highly competitive.  After eleven Haskell Workshops
   between 1995 and 2007, the first Haskell Symposium was held in
   Victoria in 2008, and the second in Edinburgh in 2009.


Submission Details

     * Submission Deadline: Monday, 14th June 2010, 15:00 UTC
     * Author Notification: Monday, 12th July 2010
     * Final Papers Due   : Monday, 2nd August 2010

   Submitted papers should be in portable document format (PDF),
   formatted using the ACM SIGPLAN style guidelines
   (http://www.acm.org/sigs/sigplan/authorInformation.htm). The text
   should be in a 9pt font in two columns; the length is restricted to
   12 pages, except for "Applications, Practice, and Experience"
   papers, which are restricted to 6 pages. Each submission must
   adhere to SIGPLAN's republication policy, as explained on the web.
   Violation risks summary rejection of the offending submission.
   Accepted papers will be published by the ACM and will appear in the
   ACM Digital Library.

   In addition, we solicit proposals for system demonstrations, based
   on running (perhaps prototype) software rather than necessarily on
   novel research results. Proposals are limited to 2-page abstracts,
   in the same ACM format as papers, and should explain why a
   demonstration would be of interest to the Haskell community. They
   will be assessed for relevance by the PC; accepted proposals will
   be published on the Symposium website, but not formally published
   in the proceedings.


Links

     * http://www.haskell.org/haskell-symposium, the permanent
       homepage of the Haskell Symposium.
     * http://www.haskell.org/haskell-symposium/2010, the 2010 Haskell
       Symposium web page.
     * http://www.icfpconference.org/icfp2010, the ICFP 2010 web page.


Programme Committee

     * Jeremy Gibbons, University of Oxford (chair)
     * James Cheney, University of Edinburgh
     * Duncan Coutts, Well-Typed LLP
     * Sharon Curtis, Oxford Brookes University
     * Fritz Henglein, Københavns Universitet
     * Tom Schrijvers, Katholieke Universiteit Leuven
     * Chung-chieh Shan, Rutgers - The State University of New Jersey
     * Martin Sulzmann, Informatik Consulting Systems AG
     * Wouter Swierstra, Vector Fabrics
     * Peter Thiemann, Universität Freiburg
     * Andrew Tolmach, Portland State University
     * Malcolm Wallace, University of York
